    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
something that means something to user and dev
    2. What is HTML used for? 
creating web pages and separating different aspects of the page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
something that gives characteristics to an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
a large title. usually once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
a and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
header
    7. What is an id? 
attribute used to identify a portion of the html
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any portion
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
    10. What is a class? 
a brand that you give a portion of code
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
anything that you identify as belonging in that class
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
hyperlink or target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
provides alternative viewing for user when clicking on image
    15. How do I reference an id?
by creating an refrence?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section means that all content relates to one thing and div doesn't
    17. What is CSS used for? 
styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
p h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id selects one thing. class selects multiple. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.p human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
to give alternate command when the user does something
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.div
.p links
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a selecter that picks things if it is the first one of its type
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
object.style.textTransform = "uppercase"; lowercase capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
git-rm. dont want to delete others contnet
    34. Why should I use version control? 
to keep track of different changes made
    35. How often should I commit to github?
as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
push command
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
add, commit, push, checkout, pull, merge

https://codepen.io/dreyuy/pen/mdPByNR